Update and detail interaction with 3D map view (#5221)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_gui.rst

You can also zoom in and out by dragging the mouse down/up with the
right mouse button pressed.

.. _`3d_navigation`:

Navigation options
------------------

To explore the map view in 3D:

* Tilt the terrain (rotating it around a horizontal axis that
  goes through the center of the window)

  * Press the |tiltUp| :sup:`Tilt up` and |tiltDown| :sup:`Tilt down` tools
  * Press :kbd:`Shift` and use the up/down keys
  * Drag the mouse forward/backward with the middle mouse button pressed
  * Press :kbd:`Shift` and drag the mouse forward/backward
    with the left mouse button pressed

* Rotate the terrain (around a vertical axis that goes through
  the center of the window)

>   * Turn the compass of the navigation widget to the direction to look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Turn the compass of the navigation widget to the watching direction
```
Perhaps slightly easier to understand?
